[New Package] MISP TI (#1946)
elastic/integrations: packages/ti_misp/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# MISP Integration

The MISP integration uses the REST API from the running MISP instance to retrieve indicators and Threat Intelligence.

## Logs

### Threat

The MISP integration configuration allows to set the polling interval, how far back it
should look initially, and optionally any filters used to filter the results.

> The filters themself is based on the [MISP API documentation](https://www.circl.lu/doc/misp/automation/#search) and should support all documented fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filters themselves are based on the [MISP API documentation](https://www.circl.lu/doc/misp/automation/#search) and should support all documented fields.
```
